README.md, before:

# Thermoelectric Generator (TEG) Analysis Project

This project analyzes and optimizes thermoelectric energy harvesting devices through theoretical calculations, COMSOL simulations, and machine learning analysis.

## Project Overview

The project consists of several key components:
- Theoretical analysis of thermoelectric materials
- COMSOL simulations for device optimization
- Machine learning-based material selection and optimization
- Interactive web interface for exploring results

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/acsmirnova/TEG_Device_Simulations
cd TEG_Device_Simulations
```

2. Create a virtual environment (recommended):
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Run the Streamlit app:
```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

## Project Structure

- `app.py`: Main Streamlit application
- `pages/`: Streamlit pages for different sections
  - `1_Meet_The_Team.py`: Team introduction
  - `2_Introduction.py`: Project introduction
  - `3_PbTe_Material.py`: Material analysis
  - `4_TEG Module.py`: TEG module analysis
  - `5_Maximum_Power_Efficient_Module.py`: Power optimization
  - `6_COMSOL.py`: COMSOL simulation interface
  - `7_5000_COMSOL_Simulations.py`: Batch simulation results
  - `8_Neural_Network.py`: ML analysis interface

- `ANN_dataset/`: Machine learning and analysis notebooks
  - Contains Jupyter notebooks for data analysis
  - COMSOL simulation results
  - Neural network training and evaluation

- `comsol/`: COMSOL simulation files and results

## Features

- Interactive visualization of simulation results
- Material property analysis and comparison
- Neural network-based optimization
- Real-time parameter adjustment
- Comprehensive documentation


### Team members of group 2

| FirstName     | LastName   | Email                         | Location       |
|:--------------|:-----------|:------------------------------|:---------------|
| Tanzila Akter | KOLY       | kolytanzila@gmail.com         | M1 @ Grenoble  |
| Hedir         | OUARDI     | hedir.ouardi@grenoble-inp.org | M1 @ Grenoble  |
| Anna          | SMIRNOVA   | smirnova4273@gmail.com        | M1 @ Darmstadt |


## Troubleshooting & Common Errors

If you encounter errors such as `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'torch'` or similar, it means some required Python packages are not installed in your environment.

**How to fix:**
1. Make sure you are in your project directory (where `requirements.txt` is located).
2. Run the following command in your terminal:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. If you are using a virtual environment, make sure it is activated before running the above command.

**Typical errors this will fix:**
- `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'torch'`
- `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'joblib'`
- `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'pandas'`
- `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'streamlit'`

If you still have issues, check that you are using the correct Python environment and that your Python version is compatible (Python 3.8+ recommended).

Commit message:

add Streamlit application link
Added link to interactive presentation of results.

README.md, after:

# Thermoelectric Generator (TEG) Analysis Project

This project analyzes and optimizes thermoelectric energy harvesting devices through theoretical calculations, COMSOL simulations, and machine learning analysis. See an interactive presentation of the results on the streamlit application: https://tegdevicesimulations.streamlit.app/ 

## Project Overview

The project consists of several key components:
- Theoretical analysis of thermoelectric materials
- COMSOL simulations for device optimization
- Machine learning-based material selection and optimization
- Interactive web interface for exploring results

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/acsmirnova/TEG_Device_Simulations
cd TEG_Device_Simulations
```

2. Create a virtual environment (recommended):
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Run the Streamlit app:
```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

## Project Structure

- `app.py`: Main Streamlit application
- `pages/`: Streamlit pages for different sections
  - `1_Meet_The_Team.py`: Team introduction
  - `2_Introduction.py`: Project introduction
  - `3_PbTe_Material.py`: Material analysis
  - `4_TEG Module.py`: TEG module analysis
  - `5_Maximum_Power_Efficient_Module.py`: Power optimization
  - `6_COMSOL.py`: COMSOL simulation interface
  - `7_5000_COMSOL_Simulations.py`: Batch simulation results
  - `8_Neural_Network.py`: ML analysis interface

- `ANN_dataset/`: Machine learning and analysis notebooks
  - Contains Jupyter notebooks for data analysis
  - COMSOL simulation results
  - Neural network training and evaluation

- `comsol/`: COMSOL simulation files and results

## Features

- Interactive visualization of simulation results
- Material property analysis and comparison
- Neural network-based optimization
- Real-time parameter adjustment
- Comprehensive documentation


### Team members of group 2

| FirstName     | LastName   | Email                         | Location       |
|:--------------|:-----------|:------------------------------|:---------------|
| Tanzila Akter | KOLY       | kolytanzila@gmail.com         | M1 @ Grenoble  |
| Hedir         | OUARDI     | hedir.ouardi@grenoble-inp.org | M1 @ Grenoble  |
| Anna          | SMIRNOVA   | smirnova4273@gmail.com        | M1 @ Darmstadt |


## Troubleshooting & Common Errors

If you encounter errors such as `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'torch'` or similar, it means some required Python packages are not installed in your environment.

**How to fix:**
1. Make sure you are in your project directory (where `requirements.txt` is located).
2. Run the following command in your terminal:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. If you are using a virtual environment, make sure it is activated before running the above command.

**Typical errors this will fix:**
- `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'torch'`
- `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'joblib'`
- `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'pandas'`
- `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'streamlit'`

If you still have issues, check that you are using the correct Python environment and that your Python version is compatible (Python 3.8+ recommended).
